hey beautiful people's decal Nana and I
am back with another video this is the
weight from heavy B so what I did before
is I posted a short teaser of the hair
from here Vivien showed you guys the
hairline and I figured that you guys
would actually want an in-depth talk
through with you about this Hey
now let's head to take some time to get
here umm if you guys have seen a lot of
reviews on YouTube especially the ones
that are not sponsored my video is not
sponsored I mean hell are people saying
that it took them up two months to give
it not just weeks months you know and a
lot of the youtubers who are sponsors
you hear that they got their wig in like
two weeks or seven days or you know so
do you expect to take time if you're not
a youtuber if you're not being sponsored
expect to take time like a dip with mine
minded take some time to get here now
the selling point of hey baby is that
it's a premade pre plucked pre bleached
last week which is true the hairline
comes looking super super good I don't
know if you guys can see there but it
comes looking super good I've been
wearing my wig now for some time and
yeah the wig is really really really
pretty
um the hair is also really pretty and
their prices are not bad the only thing
I will say is that customer service
needs a lot of work in that company you
will find that it's sometimes hard to
even talk to them on live chat live
alone emailing them and sometimes what
works is if you comment on a picture
like on that Instagram or that Facebook
then you will probably get some help but
when you go onto the website and you
want a live chat sometimes you don't
even get help I remember each time I was
on their live chat I was always I think
number three and a nine and it just kept
saying number three yes say number three
always number three and nine um some
people have also said that it's a time
difference so you need to just be aware
of that time difference and then
calculate that working hours with your
time dear friends this kind of thing and
I was like that's just too much work I'm
just yeah but the hair eventually did
come and yeah I just want to say that if
you think you know by from this company
it's not buy from this company if you're
in a rush like the shipping really does
take time it really does but once the
way comes it is
definitely worth it I am happy with this
wig I'm really excited about this I did
pluck it a little bit more because I
like a more thin hairline but yeah
the hay is beautiful let me see if I can
tie it up for you guys yeah
what I've loved to tie it up for you
guys just to show you guys like it's
just so many hairstyles you could do
with this yeah but I'm yeah that's just
my short review on hair baby maybe I
will do an update let me know what you
guys think and I'd also like to hear
your experiences with the company yeah
but for me I am happy with this wig I
will leave the link down below for this
hair and everything and thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you guys
in my next video bye